Document changes regarding Fundamentals 0.10.0 version (#1470)
SAP/luigi: docs/versions.md

Within Luigi, we renamed the `lui-tendant-menu__control` class to `lui-ctx-switch-menu`.

> With the new v.0.10.0 of Fundamental Library Styles, there were breaking changes to the Luigi side navigation. You can see the updated layout [here](https://sap.github.io/fundamental-styles/components/side-navigation.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the new v0.10.0 of Fundamental Library Styles, there were breaking changes to the Luigi side navigation. You can see the updated layout [here](https://sap.github.io/fundamental-styles/components/side-navigation.html).
```

> With Luigi version NEXTRELEASE, the new v0.10.0 of Fundamental Library Styles were included. As a result, there were breaking changes to the Luigi side navigation. You can see the updated layout [here](https://sap.github.io/fundamental-styles/components/side-navigation.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Luigi version v1.3.0, the new v0.10.0 of Fundamental Library Styles were included. As a result, there were breaking changes to the Luigi side navigation. You can see the updated layout [here](https://sap.github.io/fundamental-styles/components/side-navigation.html).
```
